Dear Wooga.

After more than 5 years working on game development, specially almost 3 years at Gamaga, which is one of most important mobile gaming studios in Chile if not in South America, I feel ready to take on new challenges and adventures, thus the position of Game Developer at Wooga as advertised, is of my full interest. After having read the desired skills I feel that the knowledge I have fostered over years would make me an ideal candidate for the position.

To tell a bit about myself I'm a computer science graduate, with an specialty in computer graphics, professionally I have been working on videogames for more than 5 years, though I have been making games much before that, GameJams during college, or brainstorming with friends for example. 

Over the years I have gained strong knowledge of all stages of game development, giving support from the prototyping stage to getting the game on the store. In Gamaga for example I worked mostly on Operate Now: Hospital, a game with more than 30 million of downloads following a LiveOps process, always listening to user feedback, client requests and working on improving KPIs. 

As a team player I was usually the programmer that took the most complex tasks because the producers knew I could get it done, eventually in Gamaga I took a more leading role in the Operate Now project, being the guy people ask questions about the code base of a project, splitting and breaking down complex tasks, proposing standards and optimal architectures for certain features, assigning tasks to others developers and myself. I have contributed to other projects in this company such as, Banana Kong, a infinite platformer with more than 100M downloads, Red Crimes Hidden Murders; a detective game focused on narrative, Holly's Home Design; which is a game about interior design currently in development and other games I cannot mention.

As a programmer I look for good standards and well-thought architectures in base code. I strive for code that is scalable, optimized and understandable for other programmers. I like to take on complex issues, sketch code structures/systems architectures and listen to user feedback on the features we rollout. I love learning new things everyday specially from co-workers, new plugins, better or faster ways to do things.

After having read your position I'm really interesting in taking part of the team, as Wooga being one of the top players in story-driven mobile games, love the focus on quality and the commitment to the players, the fact that Wooga has experts with Unity is also exciting as I would love to learn even more.

Thanks for your consideration and time, hope to hear back.